# MLab AppGen

MLab AppGen is a Laravel package designed to accelerate application development by providing a simple command to scaffold a basic application structure. It aims to help developers jumpstart their projects quickly with minimal setup.

## Features

- **One-Command Application Generation**: Quickly create a basic application structure with a single Artisan command.
- **Customizable Configuration**: Tailor the generated application by adjusting settings in the configuration file.
- **Rapid Development Setup**: Streamline the development process and reduce initial setup time.

## Installation

To install MLab AppGen, use the following Composer command:

```bash
composer require mlab/appgen
```

After installation, run the following Artisan command to generate a basic application structure:

```bash
php artisan appgen:create {app_name}
```


## Configuration

Customize the application generated by modifying the configuration file located at `config/appgen.php`. Adjust settings such as database connection, application name, and other preferences to match your project requirements.

## Development Status

⚠️ **Note:** MLab AppGen is currently in the development stage and may not be suitable for production use. We are actively working on enhancing its features and stability. Feel free to contribute, report issues, or provide feedback.

## License

Copyright (c) Current 2024 Mukti, Founder of MLab-Studio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. This Software may not be used for commercial purposes without written permission from Mukti, Founder of MLab-Studio.

3. Modification of this Software is not allowed without written permission from Mukti, Founder of MLab-Studio.

4. In no event shall Mukti, Founder of MLab-Studio be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the Software.

5. Use of the Software indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions.


## Contact

For inquiries and support, contact Mukti via email at personal.mukti@gmail.com.
